I never told you about my first wife
today Erica got married when I was only
19 mourner ran to their parents creditor
funeral of course it has to look like an
accident
make him not tell you anything about
Jenny oh no never
who did this a meet yours you must be
confused I mean why would your wife do
this you probably thinking we're in love
right yeah that your heart racing
maybe you feel I know
I turned you into this monster
yes nature not nurture people they trust
in you I trusted you
I'm free in all the ways you're known
you're trapped by meiosis weighed down
by guilt you are never going into you're
not going to let you do it again
your conscience isn't a source of
strength
Chili's heal
dad he used to say to me you only kill
what keeps you alive
[Music]